3/README.md, before:

# 03 JavaScript: Password Generator

Create an application that generates a random password based on user-selected criteria. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by your JavaScript code. It will also feature a clean and polished user interface and be responsive, ensuring that it adapts to multiple screen sizes.

If you are unfamiliar with special characters, take a look at [some examples](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Password_special_characters).

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN prompted for character types to include in the password
THEN I choose lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```

The following image demonstrates the application functionality:

![password generator demo](./Assets/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Finished the password generator for homework 3

3/README.md, after:

----MY README----

This project was created to generate a password of random characters with certain specifications being given by the user.

The user can choose between lowercase letters, uppercase letters, numbers, and special characters.
Upon not choosing any of these, the user will be alerted that they must select at least one.

The user can choose not to specify a length, in which case the length of the password will default to 8.
If the user attempts to designate a length lower than 8 or higher than 128, the user will be alerted that they must select a different length.

Console.log is not used in the final version of the code - I used it to check the progress of the generator and fix bugs.
Once this was accomplished, all instances of console.log were removed.



----INSTRUCTIONS----

# 03 JavaScript: Password Generator

Create an application that generates a random password based on user-selected criteria. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by your JavaScript code. It will also feature a clean and polished user interface and be responsive, ensuring that it adapts to multiple screen sizes.

If you are unfamiliar with special characters, take a look at [some examples](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Password_special_characters).

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password


WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria

WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password

    WHEN prompted for the length of the password
    THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters

    WHEN prompted for character types to include in the password
    THEN I choose lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters

WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected

WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria

WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```

The following image demonstrates the application functionality:

![password generator demo](./Assets/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
