6/README.md, before:

# 06 Server-Side APIs: Weather Dashboard

Developers are often tasked with retrieving data from another application's API and using it in the context of their own. Third-party APIs allow developers to access their data and functionality by making requests with specific parameters to a URL. Your challenge is to build a weather dashboard that will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS.

Use the [OpenWeather API](https://openweathermap.org/api) to retrieve weather data for cities. The documentation includes a section called "How to start" that will provide basic setup and usage instructions. Use `localStorage` to store any persistent data.

## User Story

```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs

    WHEN I search for a city
        THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
    WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
        THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
    WHEN I view the UV index
        THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
    WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
        THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, and the humidity
    WHEN I click on a city in the search history
        THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
    WHEN I open the weather dashboard
        THEN I am presented with the last searched city forecast

```

The following image demonstrates the application functionality:

![weather dashboard demo](./Assets/06-server-side-apis-homework-demo.png)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Created a README that addresses the lack of bootstrap and my experience with APIs

6/README.md, after:

----- MY README -----
# To acknowledge the lack of Bootstrap

I deliberately chose not to use Bootstrap with the OK from one of the TAs who supervises my class. This is because the group project we are working on this week requires us to
use a CSS framework that is *not* bootstrap, and I wanted some practice on my own before working in a group setting.

# Learning how to use an API

My primary experience working with APIs prior to this assignment was using OMDb to retrieve data about movies and the New York Times' API to search for articles. I felt
very comfortable with my abilities in this area going into this project, and every time I work with APIs, I am constantly reminded of all of the data that is out there that I 
could play with and make something out of.


----- INSTRUCTIONS -----
# 06 Server-Side APIs: Weather Dashboard

Developers are often tasked with retrieving data from another application's API and using it in the context of their own. Third-party APIs allow developers to access their data and functionality by making requests with specific parameters to a URL. Your challenge is to build a weather dashboard that will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS.

Use the [OpenWeather API](https://openweathermap.org/api) to retrieve weather data for cities. The documentation includes a section called "How to start" that will provide basic setup and usage instructions. Use `localStorage` to store any persistent data.

## User Story

```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs

    WHEN I search for a city
        THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
    WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
        THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
    WHEN I view the UV index
        THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
    WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
        THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, and the humidity
    WHEN I click on a city in the search history
        THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
    WHEN I open the weather dashboard
        THEN I am presented with the last searched city forecast

```

The following image demonstrates the application functionality:

![weather dashboard demo](./Assets/06-server-side-apis-homework-demo.png)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
