5/README.md, before:

-----MY README-----

-----INSTRUCTIONS-----
# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

Create a simple calendar application that allows the user to save events for each hour of the day. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

You'll need to use the [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) library to work with date and time. Be sure to read the documentation carefully and concentrate on using Moment.js in the browser.

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule

            WHEN I open the planner
                THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
            WHEN I scroll down
                THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
    THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
    THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
    THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
    THEN the saved events persist

```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![day planner demo](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Updated README with a brief description of the project

5/README.md, after:

-----MY README-----
This project is a schedular that can store data during regular work hours (9am-5pm).

Clicking the save button will store the input in the text area to local storage using a key that is simply the respective hour.

During this project, I noticed that it was much easier to store multiple keys, one for each hour slot, rather than store an array using JSON that stores all of the data.

I notice that there were some pre-set styling created for me to use, but I preferred to style the project from scratch.





-----INSTRUCTIONS-----
# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

Create a simple calendar application that allows the user to save events for each hour of the day. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

You'll need to use the [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) library to work with date and time. Be sure to read the documentation carefully and concentrate on using Moment.js in the browser.

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule

WHEN I open the planner
    THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
    THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
    THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
    THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
    THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
    THEN the saved events persist

```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![day planner demo](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
